com/ex/FitApp/models/entities/BaseEntity.java
 com.ex.FitApp.models.entities.BaseEntity
com/ex/FitApp/web/UserController.java
 com.ex.FitApp.web.UserController
com/ex/FitApp/models/entities/WorkoutEntity.java
 com.ex.FitApp.models.entities.WorkoutEntity
com/ex/FitApp/models/entities/ExerciseEntity.java
 com.ex.FitApp.models.entities.ExerciseEntity
com/ex/FitApp/models/entities/enums/BodyType.java
 com.ex.FitApp.models.entities.enums.BodyType
com/ex/FitApp/repositories/ExerciseRepository.java
 com.ex.FitApp.repositories.ExerciseRepository
com/ex/FitApp/services/WorkoutService.java
 com.ex.FitApp.services.WorkoutService
com/ex/FitApp/services/UserService.java
 com.ex.FitApp.services.UserService
com/ex/FitApp/repositories/WorkoutRepository.java
 com.ex.FitApp.repositories.WorkoutRepository
com/ex/FitApp/models/entities/enums/UserRole.java
 com.ex.FitApp.models.entities.enums.UserRole
com/ex/FitApp/services/impl/ExerciseServiceImpl.java
 com.ex.FitApp.services.impl.ExerciseServiceImpl
com/ex/FitApp/repositories/UserRoleRepository.java
 com.ex.FitApp.repositories.UserRoleRepository
com/ex/FitApp/models/entities/UserRoleEntity.java
 com.ex.FitApp.models.entities.UserRoleEntity
com/ex/FitApp/services/impl/WorkoutServiceImpl.java
 com.ex.FitApp.services.impl.WorkoutServiceImpl
com/ex/FitApp/FitAppApplication.java
 com.ex.FitApp.FitAppApplication
com/ex/FitApp/models/entities/UserEntity.java
 com.ex.FitApp.models.entities.UserEntity
com/ex/FitApp/repositories/UserRepository.java
 com.ex.FitApp.repositories.UserRepository
com/ex/FitApp/services/impl/UserServiceImpl.java
 com.ex.FitApp.services.impl.UserServiceImpl
com/ex/FitApp/services/ExerciseService.java
 com.ex.FitApp.services.ExerciseService
com/ex/FitApp/web/HomeController.java
 com.ex.FitApp.web.HomeController
com/ex/FitApp/config/AppConfig.java
 com.ex.FitApp.config.AppConfig
com/ex/FitApp/config/AppSecurityConfig.java
 com.ex.FitApp.config.AppSecurityConfig
